draft workflow resolution for schema mismatches during db-gen (#249)
amperity/amperity-docs: amperity_reference/source/workflows.rst

Some common workflow actions that your brand may see when generating databases include:

* :ref:`Cannot bind inputs to resolved state <workflows-databases-inputs-unbound>`
* Errors resolving column names in tables
* Missing tables
* SQL query alerts (including warning *and* failure thresholds)

.. workflows-context-databases-end

.. _workflows-databases-inputs-unbound:

Cannot bind inputs to resolved state
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. workflows-databases-inputs-unbound-start

> Inputs to the database build process, such as source and custom domain tables, stitched tables, and core tables, must have a schema that matches the one that is expected by the database.

Reviewer: I think of "stitched" as being the _inputs_ to stitch, which by definition are some combination of source and/or custom domain tables. I usually refer to the _outputs_ of stitch as "stitch tables" or "stitch output tables", but I'm not sure what we typically say in our public-facing docs.

```suggestion
Inputs to the database build process, such as source and custom domain tables, stitch output tables, and core tables, must have a schema that matches the one that is expected by the database.
```

If there is a schema mismatch you will see an error similar to:

::

   Failure binding configured inputs to resolved state

that is followed by a list of tables, and then for each table a list of fields that are causing the mismatch.

> In many cases this error is caused because the database run is occuring too soon after the schema change and the expected state has not been refreshed to match the schema change. This means that in many cases, waiting a few minutes, and then re-running the workflow is all that is necessary to resolve the workflow error.

Reviewer: I might reword this a bit to more precisely match reality:

```suggestion
A common cause of this error is attempting to run databases immediately after making a schema change to a domain table, and before the corresponding schema migration workflow has completed. This can also occur after a sandbox merge if the merge included any schema changes. In this case the schema mismatch error can often be resolved by simply waiting a few minutes for any pending schema migrations to finish, and then re-running the database.
```

We can iterate on the exact phrasing.

> In some cases, the workflow error description will contain:
> 
> ::
> 
>    ... no action is required at this time. Amperity has been
>    notified and is working to resolve this error.
> 
> In this situation you may use the **Contact Support** link to open a ticket for this error and to follow along with the resolution.

Reviewer: This part isn't accurate. Once we make the change to treat these as customer-attributed, that will apply to *all* instances of the error, so the `no action is required at this time` part will never show up anymore. I think unfortunately the best advice we can give is something along the lines of:

```suggestion
In some cases the error may persist even after any pending migrations have completed, or may occur even though no schema migration workflows have run recently. In this situation you may use the **Contact Support** link to open a ticket for this error and to follow along with the resolution.
```

> .. workflows-databases-inputs-unbound-start

Reviewer: Should this be `end` instead of `start`?

```suggestion
.. workflows-databases-inputs-unbound-end
```
